README.md, before:

# Data Visualization (with R) for People in a Hurry

This workshop serves as a quick introduction to data science fundamentals, and is currently a part of nwPlus' Workshop Series happening this fall.

## Participate

Want to participate in this workshop? Join us on November 12th at 6pm. This workshop will be hosted on Zoom. RSVP [here](https://michaeldemar.co)!

### Pre-requisites

None! To take part in this workshop, just show up ready to learn. All coding will take place on UBC's Syzygy servers. Access the server [here](https://ubc.syzygy.ca/).

## About

In this workshop you will...

- Explore the data science process from start to finish
- Learn how to create effective visualizations
- Use your new skills to predict whether a breast tumor is benign and malignant (in part 2!)

### Data set

We will be using UCI's Breast Cancer data set, available [here](https://www.kaggle.com/uciml/breast-cancer-wisconsin-data).

### Slides

The slide deck for this workshop is available [here](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/e/2PACX-1vQ-eSp1jPYcSb9kEwbeTrmLcceXPi1D1jtbDmIggzhWHPh4taLGSw-_3yb8N9UN5D9z55M0q3H1-V6c/pub?start=false&loop=false&delayms=30000).

Commit message:

Updating workshop for tonight! New tests, starter file, improved descriptions

README.md, after:

# Data Visualization (with R) for People in a Hurry

This workshop serves as a quick introduction to data science fundamentals, and is currently a part of nwPlus' Workshop Series happening this fall.

## Participate

Want to participate in this workshop? Join us on November 12th at 6pm. This workshop will be hosted on Zoom. RSVP [here](https://lu.ma/nwplus-dataviz)!

### Pre-requisites

None! To take part in this workshop, just show up ready to learn. All coding will take place on UBC's Syzygy servers. Access the server [here](https://ubc.syzygy.ca/).

If you don't have access, you can also upload the file to Google Colab, available [here](https://colab.research.google.com/notebooks/intro.ipynb#recent=true).

Hit GitHub, enter the following:

`https://github.com/nwplus/data-viz-for-people-in-a-hurry`

...and then choose the blank starter file!

Once you begin, you'll need to uncomment all of the lines in the first cell and run the first cell to install the necessary dependencies. This will be covered in the workshop.

## About

In this workshop you will...

- Explore the data science process from start to finish
- Learn how to create effective visualizations
- Use your new skills to predict whether a breast tumor is benign and malignant (in part 2!)

### Data set

We will be using UCI's Breast Cancer data set, available [here](https://www.kaggle.com/uciml/breast-cancer-wisconsin-data).

### Slides

The slide deck for this workshop is available [here](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/e/2PACX-1vQ-eSp1jPYcSb9kEwbeTrmLcceXPi1D1jtbDmIggzhWHPh4taLGSw-_3yb8N9UN5D9z55M0q3H1-V6c/pub?start=false&loop=false&delayms=30000).
